# 3.0.2

For use with [Blacklab 3.0](https://github.com/INL/BlackLab/releases/tag/v3.0.0)

# Features
- Docker support 
- *Debug mode* in the frontend. Debug mode is enabled by default when serving javascript from `webpack-dev-server`, in production builds it can be enabled by entering `debug.enable()` in the browser console. It will render internal IDs instead of display names, and show the query parameters sent to BlackLab. When viewing a document, it will show all metadata, as well as a link to view part of the document (if allowed by BlackLab).
- Improved pagination when viewing long documents.  
  Pagination can now be configured per corpus (via `search.xml`), instead of only globally.
- Result can now be sorted by clicking the column titles
- Results can now be sorted in ascending order (last results first).
- Autocomplete fields now only autocomplete after the last space you typed, unless you enter phrase mode by surrounding a group of multiple words with double quotes (").
- Allow customizing how a document's title is rendered; see [readme](https://github.com/instituutnederlandsetaal/blacklab-frontend/blob/v3.0.2/README.md#customjs-configure-document-title)
- Add ability to insert section titles in between filters. See [readme](https://github.com/instituutnederlandsetaal/blacklab-frontend/blob/v3.0.2/README.md#customjs-configure-metadata-subheadings)
- Add ability to disable export buttons. See [readme](https://github.com/instituutnederlandsetaal/blacklab-frontend/blob/v3.0.2/README.md#customjs-toggle-export)
- Add ability to customize the error message when no results could be found. See [readme](https://github.com/instituutnederlandsetaal/blacklab-frontend/blob/v3.0.2/README.md#customjs-configure-error-message)
- Improved date filter. See readme.
- Plugins for concordances. We use this for the audio player in our CGN corpus, as well as to make copying concordances into another tool easy.
- (optional) plausible.io integration

# Fixes
- Part-of-speech/tagset now correctly handles values with special characters (.|\\)
- QueryBuilder now also correctly handles values with special characters in dropdowns.
- Lexicon service now properly clears results when entering special characters
- Grouping on word before/after now only uses 1 word, instead of 5
- Fix loading indicater getting lost sometimes.
- Fix wrong tooltip value when hovering over the total results widget
- Fix exports missing metadata fields in some cases
- "Within" selector can now always be deselected.
- Filter out some illegal html characters in malformed documents so they no longer trigger an internal server error.

# Miscellaneous improvements
- List of available corpora on the homepage is now sorted alphabetically
- Update the build tool versions
- When a document in an index can't be opened due to errors in the associated xslt, the error is now shown in the browser. 
- Dropdown menus no longer run off the page 
- Long lists of values in the filters sections can now be searched.
- Hide "contents" tab on document pagewhen contentViewable is false
- Add `/config` page, returns a JSON with some of the config parameters. May be useful for external tools to integrate better with corpus-frontend. For now it only returns the used blacklab server instance url.
- Filter dropdowns are now sorted alphabetically
- The breadcrumbs at the top of the results now show when sampling is enabled (`settings`->`samplenum`)
